hey guys what's up its teragrams again
and I'm continuing again to review the
rocks
Hercules work outside Wayne Johnson's
workout program as I said before this
isn't my workout program this is
something that I rock and these trainer
used to develop the rocks physique that
you can't see in the epic movie Hercules
if you haven't already seen so please do
so that guy is massive
he was massive before he's even massive
up as they would massive are now this
video is more specifically back in carbs
and dating back and clouds workout
starts off with a superset so straight
off the bat is a superset of pull-ups to
a wide group left or down on the machine
and we move on to eight dumbbell row so
one side and then you do the other side
then it's a seated complete row so
seated row on the machine down machine
but with a normal group though not so
wide then you move on to these shrugs
with the barbell is something
ridiculously heavy right now
all sets of 20 reps of that and then
it's the top portion of the workout and
you start off with the single calf
raises single side are phrases on a leg
press machine and that's three sets of
five reps and then you do a standing
calf raise with a dumbbell and another
three sets of twenty five and then you
finish off on the seated calf raise mean
that's another three sets of twenty five
so what do I like about this workout I
love that is a complete back workout so
all the muscles on the back of working
they're all developing and another thing
I love about this workout is that is
shrugs if you didn't know your tracks
are actually located behind you so it's
available it has been argued before but
it is really effective in working out
the traps at the same time as your back
workout there's something little bit
unique and I definitely agree with that
another thing I like about this workout
is the carbs
not only is it three exercises 25 reps
something ridiculous right but if you
look into the workout program this is
just 48 hours after the last half
workout so if you're like me you have
skinny car you know you need to develop
the carbs this is something that I
recommend because 48 hours is perfect
amount
I'm on risk for your muscle is anything
I don't like about this workout well to
be honest if you're not a newcomer new
trainee cannot really do this workout
simply because you need a little bit
more experience more strength I'm doing
full up if you can't do a pull-up you've
got some strength but if you remember
the first time you worked out it was
really hard wasn't it another negative
about this workout is definitely need
access with you or in that machine or
even the seated row machine as well as
the leg press machine you've got a leg
press machine I hope you're doing pretty
good and then there's even a seated
half-price motion as well so if we need
access to a gym for this one boys but I
highly recommend this workout
it's a bodybuilder style workout and you
can see that the rocks physique right is
audible our buddies also an actor and I
love this and definitely recommend this
so it's your next video guys I'm Derek
Pam